[Autogenerated] first off to start using AWS codedeploy,
we're gonna need to make sure that your users got some access and permission,
so allow the right access levels to use.
The service is quiet.
We're gonna also look at some service roles that different address service's
will need to hook into Kota Boy in the first series of demos.
I'm glad to show you how to allow and restrict access to codedeploy in I Am.
I'm also going to show you how to create service roles for
each of the address service's we'll be using such as Easy
too Easy s and finally Lunda.
Okay, so let's jump straight in.
I'm on the I am council right now.
A cz you can see I already have ah user's set up.
My user has a ministry for access,
but to create a specific access to 80 burst codedeploy,
What we could do first is we go to groups will and create a new group.
I call this one code to paly access.
Next,
we're gonna need to attach from permissions and
policies to this group for user s.
So let's have a look at what Cody play ones that have
to offer codedeploy full access.
Sounds perfect.
And exactly what we need.
You can also create deploy access.
You just need users to only be able to deploy.
Let's go ahead with full access.
Okay, So there's our group.
Let's have a quick look at the policy to see what's involved at the top.
We can see codedeploy has ever been allowed on all resources.
You'll also notice some other commissions as well,
Such as this costar notifications.
Read my access.
Ah, another code style one.
Uh, no one.
Finally, an asset s s one,
but we're gonna also need to have access to the address service.
Is that hook into codedeploy?
So let's attach more policies.
We're gonna first.
You need the easy to grow.
So that's attached that one.
Easy to full access.
We're going to also need the E.
C s full access rule.
Finally, we're going to need the lander one as well.
Actually, that's not the s free book.
It one on there for good measure too.
Okay, so that's attached all of those policies.
You should be able to see them all there now and then.
It's a simple as adding users to a group, so here's my user I made earlier.
I will add him to the group that that's it.
Also, for I am for the next part of demo,
we're going to create codedeploy service rolls.
Service rules used to grant permission is the address service
is so it can access a do best resources.
We're going to need three service rolls you want easy to one for E.
C s.
I want for London.
Let's go ahead and create that rule.
We're going to create a best service role.
So that's the 1st 1 Well, I'm gonna select codedeploy,
and I'm also going to select the top top option out of these traces,
which handles all of the easy to resources.
Next.
Let's take a look at the permissions in that policy attached to this role.
We can see here that we've got cloudwatch access
easy to or scaling low balances.
Resource group tagging on also es and s will hit next.
We don't need to cut any tax.
Will you can do Let's go to review and then let's give it a name.
So let's say a service role,
Kurt deploy easy to and then we're gonna create that role.
Perfect Let's do the same for PCs and also for London.
We're gonna hit the eight of us service roll again.
We're gonna select code apply again.
This time we're gonna slept codedeploy easy.
Yes.
Let's have a look at those permissions to see what's included.
So, Senator, last one,
we can see all the components that we're gonna need
A ll the access to resources.
I don't need any tax review.
Right?
Let's give it a name.
So service, role codedeploy and you guessed it E.
C s okay.
On one last time.
Let's do the London one great role.
A diverse service codedeploy and the Lambda next to permissions.
Let's have a look.
What's included there Similar again only for this one, though.
Next attacks don't need any tags Review.
That's giving the name service role codedeploy London Perfect.
So you know,
we have all of our access and permissions set in the eye on dashboard.
We've got a group with a role on.
A policy is attached to allow a user to access code
deploy on all the resources we need.
And then we've also set up service roles for codedeploy that gives access to easy to e CS and finally London